[New] Change map view background (#128)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Change map view background/README.md

# Change map view background

Customize map view's background by changing its grid properties.

![Image of change map view background](change-map-view-background-settings.png)

## Use case

> A background grid defines the default color and grid for display behind a map or scene surface. Set properties on the background grid to highlight and give context to your MapView or SceneView.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background grid defines the default color and grid for display behind a map or scene surface. Set properties on the background grid to highlight and give context to your map view or scene view.
```
Typically unless necessary, we don't use the symbol names until `How it works` section.

## How to use the sample

Tap the "Background Grid Settings" button in the toolbar to open the settings view. Tap the color next to "Color" and "Line Color" rows to change the background color and the grid's line color respectively. Use the sliders to change the grid line width and grid size.

## How it works

1. Create a `Map` object.
2. Display the map in a `MapView`.

> 3. Set the `backgroundGrid` property on the `MapView`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the `backgroundGrid` on the `MapView` using the view modifier.
```

# Change map view background

Customize map view's background by changing its grid properties.

> | ChangeMapViewBackground | Settings |
> | ----------------- | ------------- |
> |![Image of change map view background](change-map-view-background.png)|![Image of change map view background](change-map-view-background-settings.png)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of change map view background](change-map-view-background-settings.png)|
```
I think it is enough to have only 1 screenshot for this sample, that shows the various controls.

## Use case

> Basemaps should be selected contextually. For example, in maritime applications, it would be more appropriate to use a basemap of the world's oceans as opposed to a basemap of the world's streets.

Reviewer: I don't think this is a proper use case description. When I read it, I'm expecting a sample that shows how to select a basemap style such as the [Set basemap](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples/tree/main/Shared/Samples/Set%20basemap) sample, that uses an `arcGISOceans` style.

Can you help reword this base on the functionalities of the sample? Thanks.
